hello youtube this is pokemon diamond
hacks today i will be breeding to
pokemon gold zine and clefairy now the
trick for this is you need the eggs will
hatch fast code well that's just a
hatchet fast but and you will need the
fast breeder code for action replay and
white sorry I messed up but if you want
the Pokemon to be whatever Pokemon you
want to be saying I want this one to be
clefairy then i will put that one in
second and if i wanted a baby goldie
then i would put the goldene in second
but in this case I want a cliff airy
and there they are they haven't produced
any eggs now with the eggs hatch resco
speed that up see they have an egg
and now for the action oh
there is clever
where they have another one and they
will have this cloth Oh we'll have the
same see this one has water pulse from
Goldeen but the bad side bad thing is
that you cannot have male and male
allows that will crash your game and I'm
going to do the golden and like injuries
that do not have the let do not have a
gender they are considered mail so you
cannot breed legendaries like that
you'll have to use a deal so I will be
taking yeah well I'll make a baby golden
what's up
no back from clefairy wash park from
Bolton thank you and goodbye